Umbraco Commerce 13.2.1 & 15.2.1 release notes (#6987)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-commerce/release-notes/README.md

This section contains the release notes for Umbraco Commerce 13 including all changes for this version.

#### [13.2.1](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F13.2.1) (Mar 31st 2025)

> * Fixed issue in previous migration that increases the monetary column precision [#681](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/681).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in the previous migration that increased the monetary column precision [#681](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/681).
```
